Bulk SMS Service | Bulk Sms Solution | Bulk Sms Marketing Company in Ahmedabad Gujarat India - Mayur Web Tech
Mayur Web Technology is an Bulk SMS Marketing Company in Ahmedabad, Gujarat which offers 100% Guaranteed Delivery Bulk SMS Services in Ahmedabad at lowest and affordable price. Our ultra high speed Bulk SMS delivery only with in second.
Mayur Web Tech - Bulk SMS Service India, SMS Marketing Gujarat, SMS Service in Ahmedabad, Bulk SMS Solution, Cheap Bulk SMS, Affordable Bulk SMS, High Speed Bulk SMS Ahmedabad India, Bulk SMS Company Ahmedabad, Bulk SMS Company Gujarat, Promotional Bulk SMS, Transactional Bulk SMS, Bulk SMS Solutions India.
Bulk SMS Service Ahmedabad Gujarat India

Mayur Web technology offer low cost and affordable promotional and transactional bulk Sms only 15 paisa.

Bulk SMS Solution Company Ahmedabad Gujarat India

Mayur Web Technology is a one of the largest Bulk SMS marketing Company in Ahmedabad in India that offers branded bulk SMS service in Ahmedabad Gujarat, Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai (Bombay), Chennai & all other metro cities in India.

We provide Online bulk SMS Software to send Promotional & Transactional SMS at very low rates & affordable price.

Low Cost Bulk SMS solutions and Two way Bulk SMS provider– "Mayur Web Technology" offers premium Bulk SMS service @ 15 Paisa in India. We provide Bulk SMS in a modified and customized form, having direct connectivity with telecom operators. Mayur Web Technology is a most important Bulk SMS service provider, delivering to over 200 countries and 550 networks all around the world.

Mayur Web Technology low cost Short Code and Long Code provides company, Long Code 12 Month Price INR 300 and Short code price INR 4,999. 

Mayur Web Technology Networks included in the year 2007, has its headquarters in Ahmedabad (India), its sales offices in Ahmedabad, Baroda, Rajkot, Surat and its Subsidiary companies in USA, UK and UAE.

Mayur Web Technology is a value determined company in the field of website designing, web development, web hosting and bulk sms marketing & search engine optimization. One of the leading web service providers since 2007, with Over 400 Successful Presentations & over 1000 customers across various industries, we are a positive company strongly looking forward.

Mayur Web Technology has various connectivity's from different mobile operators and SMS aggregates for 99.9% up time and higher joblessness as there is no single point of failure in our system. Mayur Web Technology SMS deals in Bulk SMS Solutions, SMS Short Code (Shared SMS Code and Dedicated SMS Code), CDMA and GSM Mobile software for Reliance and Nokia for Corporate and Individuals, Share Brokers, Marketing companies and many more.

Lowest Promotional Bulk SMS 10,000 only INR 1500 

Or

Transactional  Bulk SMS 10,000 only INR 1700

Low Cost Bulk SMS

Application Programming Interface is used for

1. Content Providers
2. Retailers and Brands

3. SMS alerts, Notifications and for Billing of Mobile Content

MS Excel SMS Plugin

Microsoft Excel is the most widely used tool

1. Send 1000's SMS at one click
2. Can send Personalized SMS
3. Widely used by people storing data in MS Excel

Bulk SMS Short Code

Benefits of Short Code SMS Gateway

1. Unlimited auto response message
2. Admin Panel
3. Revenue sharing
Address : 208 -  Liberty Complex Swastik Society Cross Rd Swastik Society, Navrangpura Ahmedabad - 380009

Mo : +91 9724781337

Email : info at mayurwebtech.com

Website : http://www.mayurwebtech.com/webdevelopment/bulk-sms-services.html
